# Mega-Millions-Lottery

Every year millions of Americans try their hand at selecting five numbers plus the multiplier for a chance to win a minimum of $40 million for just $2.00. This seems simple enough, pick your numbers using the birthdays of closest relatives. You can close your eyes at the ticket counter and let the lottery gods generate your numbers randomly. While nothing in life is ever guaranteed is certainly a true statement, there is nothing wrong with increasing your odds of becoming a millionaire.

Moneyball Every year millions of Americans try their hand at selecting five numbers plus the multiplier for a chance to win a minimum of $40 million for just $2.00. This seems simple enough, pick your numbers using the birthdays of closest relatives. You can close your eyes at the ticket counter and let the lottery gods generate your numbers randomly. While nothing in life is ever guaranteed is certainly a true statement, there is nothing wrong with increasing your odds of becoming a millionaire. Our version of Moneyball leverages machine learning to provide our users with the best chance to win based on historical data. Simply enter your favorite five numbers from 1 – 70, plus the multiplier, which is any number from 1 – 25 and the Moneyball predictor will do the rest. In less than a blink of the eye our algorithm will provide you with your odds of winning based on each number entered. As our team of data geeks like to say we are making sense out of randomness one ball at a time. Participants have a 1 in 24 chance in winning

Moneyball App is a machine-learning model that helps lottery enthusiasts to improve their chances based on historical outcomes.  Users simply input their favorite numbers and our model predicts the chances of those numbers showing up again using a dataset of winning lottery numbers from 2010 to 2019.  Our interactive visualizations present number frequency based on position in order to help users inform decisions and choose their lottery numbers strategically.  Moneyball can also be used as a research tool where users can analyze their favorite numbers according to frequency, probability, position and year using our interactive visualizations to paint a picture of how frequently their favorite numbers have come up in the winning lottery and the probability of those numbers appearing again based on historical data.
